musicians-packages.md, before:

---
layout: category
title: Musicians Packages
displayCategory: 'Music Video'
sitemap: false
---

<img src="/img/musicians-packages.jpg" class="img-fluid" />

In the age of social media, video content for musicians is becoming more important than ever. Once it was just about the music video, but now that video needs to be accompanied by a continual streem of reels.
{: .lead }

As a musician myself I am passionate about, and commited to music videos as an art form that accompanies --- and amplifies --- the art of the song itself. A great music video is not just about pretty images, but about bolstering the emotion of the music itself. A great music video hooks you into the song and gives you a deeper understanding and love for what you are hearing, through what you are seeing.

> At the same time, I realise the business side of music demands that a music video is accompanied by a release plan and a marketing strategy.

For this reason all our packages come not just with the "hero" content itself --- the music video, or live field performances --- but also come with images, reels, interview/behind-the-scenes videos, and a 12 week release and marketing plan.

This not only gives you your "hero" content, but enough ancillary content to keep your social media presences busy for three months.

### The Packages

{% capture fieldRecording %}
- 4 live performance videos
- 4 x 3 minute interview videos about the song and the making of the music video
- 12 reels to support the promotion of your video for three months
- 9-12 stills to use in posts, posters, and other graphic design
- A 3 month release plan
{: .list-group .list-group-flush }
{% endcapture %}

{% capture musicVideoEntry %}
- Music video shot in 1 location
- 10 minute Behind The Scenes interview video about the song and the making of the music video
- 12 reels to support the promotion of your video for three months
- 9-12 stills to use in posts, posters, and other graphic design
- 3 month release plan
{% endcapture %}

{% capture musicVideoMid %}
- Music video shot in 2 locations
- 10 minute Behind The Scenes interview video about the song and the making of the music video
- 12 reels to support the promotion of your video for three months
- 9-12 stills to use in posts, posters, and other graphic design
- A 3 month release plan
{% endcapture %}

{% capture musicVideoPremium %}
- Music video shot in 3 locations
- 10 minute Behind The Scenes interview video about the song and the making of the music video
- 12 reels to support the promotion of your video for three months
- 9-12 stills to use in posts, posters, and other graphic design
- A 3 month release plan
{% endcapture %}

<div class="card-deck">

  <div class="card mb-3">
    <div class="card-body">
      <h4 class="card-title">Live performance/field recording</h4>
      <p class="card-text display-4">$ 1,380</p>
      {{ fieldRecording | markdownify }}
    </div>
  </div>

</div>

<div class="card-deck">

  <div class="card mb-3">
    <div class="card-body">
      <h4 class="card-title">Music video entry level</h4>
      <p class="card-text display-4">$ 2,300</p>
      {{ musicVideoEntry | markdownify }}
    </div>
  </div>



  <div class="card mb-3">
    <div class="card-body">
      <h4 class="card-title">Music Video mid level</h4>
      <p class="card-text display-4">$ 4,000</p>
      {{ musicVideoMid | markdownify }}
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="card mb-3">
    <div class="card-body">
      <h4 class="card-title">Music Video Premium</h4>
      <p class="card-text display-4">$ 5,700</p>
      {{ musicVideoPremium | markdownify }}
    </div>
  </div>

</div>

### Get in contact

Get in contact to discuss what we can do together.

WhatsApp
: [https://wa.me/61407122396](https://wa.me/61407122396){: target="_blank" }

Instagram
: [https://www.instagram.com/nickpayneandthe/](https://www.instagram.com/nickpayneandthe/){: target="_blank" }

Email
: [nick@nickpayne.com](mailto:nick@nickpayne.com)

Plain old telephone
: [+61 407 122 396](tel:+61407122396)

Commit message:

Add more copy to Musicians Packages page

musicians-packages.md, after:

---
layout: category
title: Musicians Packages
displayCategory: 'Music Video'
sitemap: false
---

<img src="/img/musicians-packages.jpg" class="img-fluid" />

In the age of social media, video content for musicians is becoming more important than ever. Once it was just about the music video, but now that video needs to be accompanied by a continual streem of reels.
{: .lead }

As a musician myself I am passionate about, and commited to music videos as an art form that accompanies --- and amplifies --- the art of the song itself. A great music video is not just about pretty images, but about bolstering the emotion of the music itself. A great music video hooks you into the song and gives you a deeper understanding and love for what you are hearing, through what you are seeing.

> At the same time, I realise the business side of music demands that a music video is accompanied by a release plan and a marketing strategy.

For this reason all our packages come not just with the "hero" content itself --- the music video, or live field performances --- but also come with images, reels, interview/behind-the-scenes videos, and a 12 week release and marketing plan.

This not only gives you your "hero" content, but enough ancillary content to keep your social media presences busy for three months.

### The Packages

{% capture fieldRecording %}
We find a cool location and record you playing a bunch of songs live using professional audio and video gear. We mix the audio and cut the videos so you can create a Youtube playlist to go viral and even release the audio as an EP or put them on Spotify.

- 4 live performance videos
- Audio recordings of the songs you can release as an EP
- 4 x 3 minute interview videos about the song and the making of the music video
- 12 reels to support the promotion of your video for three months
- 9-12 stills to use in posts, posters, and other graphic design
- A 3 month release plan
{: .list-group .list-group-flush }
{% endcapture %}

{% capture musicVideoEntry %}
Complete production of a professional music video. Includes brainstorming a great idea, pre-production, shooting and post. We keep cost down by limiting shooting to a single location.

- Music video shot in 1 location
- 10 minute Behind The Scenes interview video about the song and the making of the music video
- 12 reels to support the promotion of your video for three months
- 9-12 stills to use in posts, posters, and other graphic design
- 3 month release plan
{% endcapture %}

{% capture musicVideoMid %}
Complete production of a professional music video. Includes brainstorming a great idea, pre-production, shooting and post. We give ourselves more room for creativity by shooting footage in two different locations.

- Music video shot in 2 locations
- 10 minute Behind The Scenes interview video about the song and the making of the music video
- 12 reels to support the promotion of your video for three months
- 9-12 stills to use in posts, posters, and other graphic design
- A 3 month release plan
{% endcapture %}

{% capture musicVideoPremium %}
Complete production of a professional music video. Includes brainstorming a great idea, pre-production, shooting and post. We go all out to make something truly great here and allow for scenes shot in three different locations.

- Music video shot in 3 locations
- 10 minute Behind The Scenes interview video about the song and the making of the music video
- 12 reels to support the promotion of your video for three months
- 9-12 stills to use in posts, posters, and other graphic design
- A 3 month release plan
{% endcapture %}

<div class="card-deck">

  <div class="card mb-3">
    <div class="card-body">
      <h4 class="card-title">Live performance/field recording</h4>
      <p class="card-text display-4">$ 1,380</p>
      {{ fieldRecording | markdownify }}
    </div>
  </div>

</div>

<div class="card-deck">

  <div class="card mb-3">
    <div class="card-body">
      <h4 class="card-title">Music video entry level</h4>
      <p class="card-text display-4">$ 2,300</p>
      {{ musicVideoEntry | markdownify }}
    </div>
  </div>



  <div class="card mb-3">
    <div class="card-body">
      <h4 class="card-title">Music Video mid level</h4>
      <p class="card-text display-4">$ 4,000</p>
      {{ musicVideoMid | markdownify }}
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="card mb-3">
    <div class="card-body">
      <h4 class="card-title">Music Video Premium</h4>
      <p class="card-text display-4">$ 5,700</p>
      {{ musicVideoPremium | markdownify }}
    </div>
  </div>

</div>

### Get in contact

Get in contact to discuss what we can do together.

WhatsApp
: [https://wa.me/61407122396](https://wa.me/61407122396){: target="_blank" }

Instagram
: [https://www.instagram.com/nickpayneandthe/](https://www.instagram.com/nickpayneandthe/){: target="_blank" }

Email
: [nick@nickpayne.com](mailto:nick@nickpayne.com)

Plain old telephone
: [+61 407 122 396](tel:+61407122396)
